For some reason, I am thinking about what happens after the end of the story.
So uhh... Here we go, I guess:

Emily wakes up. She's laying in bed, looking out of the panorama window -
what an odd déjà-vu in a world that is so different.
Annie and Michelle are sitting on the floor playing cards.
<description of a part of Nova Metropolis that has been damaged by the impact>
Michelle nods towards her, Annie turns around.
"Hey, good morning. How was your night?"
"Awful. Everything is so heavy."
Emily pushes herself up and looks around.
"Where are the others?"
Annie turns back to the window and points outside.
Michelle grabs a radio and talks into it:
"Jack, where are you? She's awake."
They momentarily see the glint of a mirror being held into the sunlight from
half-way up a sky scraper on the other side of the crater.
"What are they doing over there?"
Annie shakes her head.
"I forgot to turn my radio off yesterday. Cue Jack waking us up just before
dawn - he heard people talking. They're taking the big radio up to that antenna
over there."


Idea for Emily's character if this turns out to be a story:
She could take up tending to graveyards, both new and from the old world,
as a hobby. Also as a way to reminisce and honor the ones she has lost.
Also, she could draw images of what it used to be like on the moon and
stash them in places to be found.


Idea for where the story could go: Jack and James broadcast a call out to
anyone who will hear it to meet up in Nova Metropolis. Initially, they will
hide out in multiple sky scrapers around the designated meeting poingt to
see if whoever turns up is a danger. Everyone who does turn up is the same
kind of on edge but they manage to resolve it peacefully. For example
by letting people into an interviewing room one by one and asking them to
lay down their arms at the entrance. A small tribe and a few individuals
later, known members (scouts) of a dangerous tribe show up. They hide,
broadcast another message to tell everyone still on their way to flee,
before GTFOing.
