Michelle continues driving the bus for a couple hours without further incidents.
They pass a bunch of smaller towns, some of them being basically piles of wood and
rubble while others have buildings that are still standing.

<Maybe add some comment about what Annie sees/perceives?>

"Look, over there!" Michelle points to the left.
An undefined shape is visible in the far distance. She takes an exit onto another
highway in that direction. After a short while, the undefined shape turns into
the unmistakable skyline of a large city.

The bus passes a large sign "Welcome to Nova Metropolis" and they reach the city outskirts.
Many of the single family homes in the area are still standing, some of them even in
remarkably good condition. The skyscrapers in the distance look like they’re all intact.

The highway ends and transitions into a large road. Michelle decelerates the bus.
"Why are you going so slow?"
"Im going exactly 50 - perfectly normal city speed."
"50 km/h? That's faster than the speed limit in <dome city>. It feels so slow..."
Michelle chuckles.
"Well Jack was right about the wind - I managed to go 120 most of the time."

The buildings around them get taller and taller. The mix of smaller and medium-sized houses
turns into blocks of five-story buildings which in turn turn into blocks of even taller
buildings until the sides are lined with sky scrapers with facades of glass, concrete, and
steel towering over over the road.
Annie points them out: "They all look like they were just abandoned."
"You're right. Not even a smashed window..."
"Over there?"
"Okay, one smashed window."
Michelle pulls up at a bus stop and parks the bus.
"Time to wake up the guys."

While enjoying a small meal, they decide to explore the time capsule that is Nova Metropolis.
Well, all of them but Jack.
"I thought sleep was for the weak?" Michelle teases him.
"I'm just gonna own that one today."
He throws himself diagonally into his bed. Through the mattress, they hear a muffled "Good night".

<missing section>

"Jack is gone", Annie notices while entering the bus.
She goes to the kitchen area.
"There’s a note on the table: 'Will be back at 6:30'"
Michelle looks at the clock on the dashboard. <or whatever other clock, Idk>
"It *is* 6:30."
"I guess there’s nothing to do but wait. He’ll show up soon enough." James chimes in.
They place their bags full of found goodies on the floor and sit down around the table.

After a while, they hear a fast car approaching. Looking outside, they see an oldtimer <zoom> by.
A moment later, it returns, braking so hard that it leaves tire marks on the road. Jack gets out
and waves at them through the window. He turns off the engine and walks to the front of the bus.
Annie opens the door.
"Where have you been?"
